README.md, before:

# ESX REDPILL

Hacking minigame(/mission/job) featuring proper terminals with some sort of UNIX(-like) stuff running on them.

**Work in progress! This is pretty much NOT useable at this stage!**

## Dependencies

- [bob74_ipl](https://github.com/Bob74/bob74_ipl/)
- [esx_drugfarms](https://github.com/lfuelling/esx_drugfarms/)
- [es_extended](https://github.com/ESX-Org/es_extended)
- [esx_phone](https://github.com/ESX-Org/esx_phone)
- [Peds](https://github.com/SFL-Master/Peds) (optional)

## Installation

1. Download the latest release from [the releases page](https://github.com/lfuelling/esx_redpill/releases)
2. Place folder in `resources/[esx]/`
3. Add `start esx_redpill` to bottom of `server.cfg`
4. Go to Fort Zancudo's elevator (right below the UFO) to trigger mission start

*(You can ignore the SQL file for now, there is no integration with esx_jobs implemented right now!)*

## Usage

1. Go to Fort Zancudo
2. Find the elevator (below the UFO mark if `esx_drugfarms` is active)
3. Follow the tutorial

If you don't know what to do when in front of a terminal just type in "help", press enter and try to go from there. 

Otherwise you could learn how to use a shell, but note that most stuff you'll learn won't work in this mod. It's just scripted after all.

-------------------------

## Devnotes

As I stated above this is neither finished nor fully thought out. 
Things might change until 1.0 is released and as of right now, it's pretty much unplayable and using it only makes sense if you want to report bugs or help developing.

These devnotes are for ideas I have (ie. they are nto final). For real plans, please see the open issues on GitHub.

### Hacking

1. Get SMS to `esx_phone` to start a mission
    - "We need the open ports on this machine"
    - "Change password on this computer"
    - "Download and execute this script: $url"
    - "Connect to this IP from the computer"
    - "Send me the username logged in to this computer"
    - "What is in file $filepath"
    - etc.
1. Step in front of computer
    - help text to press interact shows
2. Press interact
    - Hacking UI shows
        - JQuery.Terminal.min.js
        - (badly) Emulates a bash
3. Do stuff requested in mission
4. Send/Get confirmation SMS
    - Some missions might be automatically detected (ie. password change)
5. Get paid
    - Gain higher rank after some missions
    - Harder missions on higher ranks(?)

Commit message:

[#7, #4] add initial support for esx_phone and esx_jobs

README.md, after:

# ESX REDPILL

Hacking minigame(/mission/job) featuring proper terminals with some sort of UNIX(-like) stuff running on them.

**Work in progress! Expect bugs, never use `master`!**

## Dependencies

- [bob74_ipl](https://github.com/Bob74/bob74_ipl/)
- [esx_drugfarms](https://github.com/lfuelling/esx_drugfarms/)
- [es_extended](https://github.com/ESX-Org/es_extended)
- [esx_phone](https://github.com/ESX-Org/esx_phone)
- [esx_phone](https://github.com/ESX-Org/esx_jobs)
- [Peds](https://github.com/SFL-Master/Peds) (optional, recommended)

## Installation

1. Download the latest release from [the releases page](https://github.com/lfuelling/esx_redpill/releases)
2. Place folder in `resources/[esx]/`
3. Add `esx_redpill.sql` to your database
4. Add `start esx_redpill` to bottom of `server.cfg`
5. Go to Fort Zancudo's elevator (right below the UFO) to trigger mission start

## Usage

1. Go to Fort Zancudo
2. Find the elevator (below the UFO mark if `esx_drugfarms` is active)
3. Follow the tutorial

If you don't know what to do when in front of a terminal just type in "help", press enter and try to go from there. 

Otherwise you could learn how to use a shell, but note that most stuff you'll learn won't work in this mod. (Do it anyway! Terminals rule (literally)!)

-------------------------

## Devnotes

As I stated above this is neither finished nor fully thought out. 
Things might change until 1.0 is released and as of right now, it's pretty much unplayable and using it only makes sense if you want to report bugs or help developing.

These devnotes are for ideas I have (ie. they are not final). For real plans, please see the open issues on GitHub.

### Hacking

1. Get SMS to `esx_phone` to start a mission
    - "We need the open ports on this machine"
    - "Change password on this computer"
    - "Download and execute this script: $url"
    - "Connect to this IP from the computer"
    - "Send me the username logged in to this computer"
    - "What is in file $filepath"
    - etc.
1. Step in front of computer
    - help text to press interact shows
2. Press interact
    - Hacking UI shows
        - JQuery.Terminal.min.js
        - (badly) Emulates a bash
3. Do stuff requested in mission
4. Send/Get confirmation SMS
    - Some missions might be automatically detected (ie. password change)
5. Get paid
    - Gain higher rank after some missions
    - Harder missions on higher ranks(?)
